Code Fellows Student Qualifications
Scott, Casey, Monica and Joe
Define the MVP
Background:
According to Code Fellows staff there is room to improve the student selection process.
The selection process begins with students first asking if and how they are qualified with their current coding skills, or lack of coding skills.
Beyond Code Fellows periodic public info sessions and general email for questions, there is not a solid way for potential students to know if they are qualified to join Code Fellows and in which program to begin their coding path. The teachers would also like to track this progress.
Objectives:
We want to know how teachers currently inform/advise potential students.
Hypothesis:
Students and teachers would appreciate a method in which students could answer the question themselves as to whether they are Code Fellows eligible or not, and where to start. 
Methods:
Email a set of questions to Code Fellows staff and teachers:

What common questions do potential students ask you prior to applying?

What process do you currently utilize to know if a student is qualified to join Code Fellows?

How do you determine in which foundations track or accelerator a student should begin?

Are there any typical issues that arise after advising a student?

What ideas can you give us to make this app useful for Code Fellows staff and students?

Is this a good idea? Better ideas....?


Reaching our MVP
Who: Potential Code Fellow Students and Teachers
What: To inform potential students as to if/how they are qualified to join Code Fellows
Where: Web browser 
When: Those who have an interest in Code Fellows
Why: To give a useful method for teachers and students to find the above information
How: Web/Mobile app
MVP
Based on the sources we've researched (see #Sources) and Code Fellows Teacher questionnaire, our minimal viable product is achievable and useful. Current teacher advising processes are not properly scoped and rigid.
Teacher's support the idea of a new method to advise students. We will start by completing this MVP, creating a user-flow, wire frame and back-end scaffolding.
Sources:
https://www.codefellows.org/
https://twitter.com/CodeFellowsOrg (potential students like to tweet questions)
https://www.codefellows.org/alumni-stats
